Species in the southern hemisphere have different responses in observed climatic strategies
The reason behind this is the different climate found in the southern hemisphere


Homburg paper basically is entirely about why my study is important

Carabids important as an indicator and predator
Tenebrionids important as detritivores



"Detritivores in arid ecosystems are hypothesised to be heavily affected by temperature gradients due to their reliance on gut symbionts during digestion. The critical limits of these symbionts might differ to the host insect, and therefore be another limiting factor to the range of the relevant species in addition to their own thermal tolerances (Crawford, 1988). These symbiont-reliant detritivores have to consider the food availability, protection, ideal climactic conditions for themselves, and ideal climactic conditions for the digesting symbionts, in order to optimise thermal conditions and reduce heat stress for themselves to the greatest degree, and therefore increase their fitness, consequently resulting in a multi-dimensional blockage in their habitable environments, increasing the extinction threat they face (Crawford, 1988)."

The Fynbos biome as a whole, is highly dependent on myrmecochory for floral reproduction, with 20% of the Fynbos endemic vegetation species relying entirely on ant-driven pollination (Botes et al., 2006).

In addition to preserving biodiversity, there is an economic incentive to conserving the species that construct and make up the floristic structure of the CFR as we know it, due to the possibility that the reduction of the CFR could result in damage South African ecotourism, and potentially result in a loss of national revenue as well as employment (Altwegg et al., 2014).

With the currently predicted temperature increases of approximately 2 °C, both the Fynbos and Succulent Karoo biome present within the GCFR are expected to contract in the upcoming years (Altwegg et al., 2014). These contractions will necessarily result in the destruction of the adapted habitat of any non-generalist invertebrate species that currently inhabit the various vegetation types present.

Many people, including government officials, are not aware of the intertwined ecological relationships present within, and between, ecosystems, especially with regards to the services and biodiversity that insects bring to South Africa’s most prized biomes (Samways, Hamer and Veldtman, 2012). Ecotourism is a large section of industry that generates a considerable amount of annual revenue for South Africa, as well as accounting for a great number of jobs for South Africans (van der Merwe, Saayman and Jacobs, 2021). Due to the potential degradation and reduction in the natural environments that generate the most interest, such as biodiversity hotspots, insect decline could result in the eventual loss of many attractive natural locations due to the ecosystem services they provide disappearing (Kremen and Chaplin-Kramer, 2007). This sets an imperative on prioritising conservation to both secure economic prosperity and preserve biodiversity.
